Improve organisation of the installation docs (#28)
nextstrain/docs.nextstrain.org: src/guides/install/local-installation.md

# Local Installation

> The following instructions describe how to install `augur` (bioinformatics tooling) and `auspice` (our visualization app) on macOS or an Ubuntu-style Linux distribution using Conda.

Reviewer: It might be worth the extra emphasis in the first sentence that this doc is for installing **both** augur and auspice at once, e.g.:
```suggestion
The following instructions describe how to install `augur` (bioinformatics tooling) and `auspice` (our visualization app) **together, in the same Conda environment**, on macOS or an Ubuntu-style Linux distribution.
```
